### Hi there 👋

I'm Diego from Spain. Generally speaking, I'm a person who loves challenges and who sees beauty in anything that makes me think. I enjoy philosophizing while doing outdoor sports in my free time. 

That being said, I have a Spanish Degree in Mathematics (240 credits, 4 years) and another Spanish Degree in Physics (240 credits, 4 years). Although I learnt many usefull skills during my time at University (such as OOP in Java and Python, coding optimization algorithms with Matlab and C++, and Machine and Deep Learning with R and Python (Numpy, Pandas, MatplotLib, TensorFlow, PyTorch and NLP frameworks as SciPy, NLKT, HuggingFace)) I think the most important fact that my studies showcase is my ability to learn and face problems on a logical and mathematical way, alongside with my resilience to finish what I have started.

Now, truth being told I also learnt many things outside my current line of work, such as Quatum Field Theory, General Relativity, etc. So, after I was done with my studies I had to reinvent myself and apply my skills into learning some knowledge that was valuable to the field I found myself at. Therefore, I decided to study Deep Neural networks such as Transformers, GANs, and Diffussers, which you can find implemented alongside some of my own explainatory comments on my reps. I also decided to dive into the study of the lifecycle of a machine Learning Project into Production, in particular with Google Cloud Platform (my current company works in the GCP), so some of the project you will find are focus on that. I also though It would help if I certiffied my skills so I got took the Google's Professional Machine Learning Exam Certification. 
